

MONTHLY REPORT                                                    2nd Semester  / December 2025  

MATHEMATICS:   Counting and Number Identification; Practicing counting from 1-20, 1-30 , and 1-50; The concepts of Subtraction and Addition; Practice tracing and freehand writing numbers 1-20. Vocabulary: count, numbers, subtract, take away, less, write, minus, equals, addition, add, more, plus sign, minus sign, equals sign.
I.Q:  Wet and Dry objects, the preposition Underneath, recognizing Emotions (Happy or Sad) and distinguishing between Loud and Quiet noises, understanding the spatial relationship of Inside and Outside along with the concepts of Hot and Cold, and identifying Appropriate Actions and practicing Size Sequencing from smallest to biggest. Vocabulary: wet, dry, underneath, happy, sad, loud, quiet, inside, outside, hot, cold, small, smaller, smallest, big, bigger, biggest.
SOCIAL:  Learn about community helpers, traffic rules, and road signs; Study what makes up our planet earth and what those materials are used for; Learn about New Year’s Day, the Thai New Year, and what they mean; Discuss the food pyramid, how much of what to eat, and what foods are healthiest.
Vocabulary: community, helper, road sign, safety, police, doctor, teacher, rule, follow, help, home, school, soil, stone, sand, glass bottle, building, charcoal, New Year’s Day, Songkran Day, presents/gift, monk, protein, carbohydrates/grains, fats, fruits, vegetables.
ENGLISH: m,n,o,p,q,r,s,t,u,v,w,x,w,z - Introduce and discuss lowercase letters; draw lines to match letters with pictures; trace and write letters; circle correct; practice identifying and saying vocabulary words that begin with each letter studied; matching lowercase letters to their uppercase counterparts.
Vocabulary: mat, net, ox, pen, queen, rainbow, sun, top, umbrella, van, whale, x-ray, yacht, zipper
Phonics:  Introduce and review letter sounds; (R,S,T,U) identify the initial letter sound in words; color or circle pictures with the matching sound; repeat after the teacher and pronounce beginning sounds correctly.
Vocabulary: Rabbit, Read, Rain, Rose, Seal, Sand, Sun, Sea, Tiger, Tea, Teeth, Tie, Uncle, Up, Umbrella, Under
SCIENCE:  Water and Air Pressure Experiment- Observe the difference between wet and dry objects after submerged; 
Vocabulary: wet, dry, float, sink, air, water, experiment, submerge 
CONVERSATION 1:   “What color is/are your hair/socks?”
“My hair is black/ socks are white.”; “Who do you love?” “I love my father & mother.”; What can you do? I can sing & dance.; “Where do you like playing?” “I like playing on the…..”;” What are you doing?” “I am walking / running / jumping.”
Vocabulary: black, white, hair, socks, shirt, mother, father, love, sing, dance, slide, swings, trampoline, walking, running, jumping.
CONVERSATION 3:  “ What do you use/ wear on sunny days?”” I wear sunglasses/ a hat/ use an umbrella”; “What is this?” ”It’s a television.”; “Do you have a microwave at home?” ”Yes, we do. / No, we don’t.”
Vocabulary: sunglasses, hat, umbrella, TV, microwave, toaster.
ARTS:  Leaf painting; Fancy mask crafting; Creating a Santa Claus mobile; New Year’s card; Water color squish painting.  Vocabulary: leaf, paint, print, texture, pattern, watercolor, mask, design, face, eyes, Santa Claus, mobile, card, color pencil, fold, squish
PHYSICAL EDUCATION:  Practice zigzag running and ball handling, Ring toss, Relay Race, Zigzag running and going under the arches; color sorting game. Vocabulary: zigzag, run, ball, put, toss, ring, pole, towel, pass, arches, go under, chair, rubber ring, color, sort, match.
PUPPET SHOW:  The Weeping Tree, The Sick Bear  Vocabulary:  Tree, Weep, Butterfly, Flower, Bear, Rain, Sick, Play, Friends
COOKING: Crispy Puffed Pork balls Vocabulary: minced pork, bread, egg, carrot, onion, cooking oil, sugar, salt, ketchup 
