
MONTHLY REPORT K1                                                            2nd SEMESTER: December 2025

ENGLISH: Trace the letters following the dotted line and color the letters. Draw lines from the letter to the picture starting from the dot. Draw lines to match the same letter. Draw lines to match the letter with the correct picture.  Vocabulary: A-Ant, B-Bee, C-Cat, D-Dog, E-Egg, F-Fan, H-Hen, I-Ice Cream, O-Ox, T-Tea
MATHEMATICS: Write numbers 1-6 following the lines and write freehand in the box. Draw the correct amount of circles in the box next to the numbers. Trace number 6 following the dotted line and colour. Write numbers 1-7 following the lines and write freehand in the box. Draw the correct amount of circles in the box next to the number.  Color the correct amount of pictures and cut the pictures and paste them in the boxes. Vocabulary: One – ten
I.Q: Object and Animal - Circle the animals. Direction (Above) - Cross the objects that are above. Objects in the same group - Draw lines to match objects that belong to the same group. Near and Far - Mark ‘X’ to objects that are further. Size objects - Draw lines to match suitable size objects. Direction: Front and back - Circle the pictures that face the front - Cross the pictures that face the back. Animal (Wings) - Circle the animals that have wings. Incomplete – Mark the incomplete objects with X. Vocabulary: - Car, giraffe, girl, cat, telephone, alarm clock, vase/flower, toothbrush/ toothpaste, pot/stove, bird, duck, hen, owl, lion, turtle, dog, book, boat, small girl, small dress, big girl, big dress, pencil, van, frog, rice cooker, swing, briefcase.
SOCIAL:  Kindness to the Environment- Discuss what is the environment and taking care of it. Benefits of Trees – Explaining the effects of cutting down trees and destroying the forest. Insects -Mark the insects with X. Sea Animals -Circle the animals that live in the ocean. Vocabulary:  environment, water, plants, feed, animals, throw, rubbish, tree, forest, deforestation, leaves, trunk, fruits, insects, ant, butterfly, mosquito, ladybug, dragonfly, grasshopper, fish, sea, shark, starfish, dolphin, whale, mussel, ocean
PHONICS:  Letter R, Letter S, Rev Q/R/S, Letter T, Letter U.  Vocabulary: Ricky rabbit, read, Susie seal, sun, quiet, on, tiger, uncle, Teddy tiger, teeth, Uncle utter, under.
SCIENCE: Mixing colours. Students learn about primary and secondary colours by mixing coloured water. 
Bottle diver experiment. Introduce K1 students to the concepts of buoyancy and density through a hands-on activity using a simple bottle diver. Air Pressure, Introduce K1 students to the concept of air pressure through a simple experiment using a candle and a bottle. Air rocket- Introduce K1 students the concept of air pressure of moving objects by pressure of a rocket toy. Vocabulary: Water, colour, mix, bowl, bottle, water, paper, paper-clip, food colouring, candle, air, sound, table, pencil, air rocket, stepping hard, press/push, fly up.
CONVERSATION 1: Colours Question- What colour is the banana/tree? Answer- The …  is yellow/green. Family Members Question- Who do you love? Answer- I love my father and mother. Abilities Question- What can you do? Answer- I can sing/dance. Playground Equipment Question- Where do you like playing? Answer- I like playing on the seesaw/slide.  Vocabulary: Green, yellow, red, blue, mother, father, sing, dance, seesaw, slide
CONVERSATION 3: Food: Actions -What are you doing?  I am walking. Weather- How’s the weather? It’s sunny.  Vocabulary:   walking, running, jumping, sitting, sunny, rainy, cloudy.
ARTS: Butterfly squish painting. Sponge painting tree design, new year card making, origami - house.
Vocabulary: fold, paper, squish, paint, butterfly, flower, sponge, stem, new year, January, card, house, window, roof.
PHYSICAL EDUCATION:  Hopscotch, Picking Up, Matching & Dropping Ball Race Jumping, Dart Ball Game, Cart Racing. Vocabulary: Hop, number, match, ball, chair, colour, dart board, throw, cart, push, race.     
PUPPET SHOW:  The Ants and the Grasshopper, Lion and the Mouse
Vocabulary: ant, grasshopper, hungry, winter, food, lion, mouse, forest, net
                                                